Massive update documentation for PowerSimulations (#1099)
NREL-Sienna/PowerSimulations.jl: docs/src/formulation_library/Introduction.md

Now, we assign the following `DeviceModel` to each `PowerSystems.jl` with:

| Type      | Formulation |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Network     | `CopperPlatePowerModel`       |
| `ThermalStandard`  | `ThermalDispatchNoMin` |
| `RenewableDispatch`  | `RenewableFullDispatch` |
| `PowerLoad`  | `StaticPowerLoad` |

Note that we did not assign any `DeviceModel` to `Line` since the `CopperPlatePowerModel` used for the network assumes that everything is lumped in the same node (like a copper plate with infinite capacity), and hence there are no flows between buses that branches can limit.

Each `DeviceModel` formulation is described in specific in their respective page, but the overall optimization problem will end-up as:

```math
\begin{align*}
    &\min_{\boldsymbol{p}^\text{th}, \boldsymbol{p}^\text{re}}~ \sum_{t=1}^{48} C^\text{th} p_t^\text{th} - C^\text{re} p_t^\text{re} \\
    & ~~\text{s.t.} \\
    & \hspace{0.9cm} p_t^\text{th} + p_t^\text{re} = P_t^\text{load}, \quad \forall t \in {1,\dots, 48} \\
    & \hspace{0.9cm} 0 \le p_t^\text{th} \le P^\text{th,max} \\
    & \hspace{0.9cm} 0 \le p_t^\text{re} \le \text{ActivePowerTimeSeriesParameter}_t 
\end{align*}
```

> Note that the `StaticPowerLoad` does not impose any cost to the objective function or any constraint, but add its power demand to the supply-balance demand of the `CopperPlatePowerModel` used. Since we are using the `ThermalDispatchNoMin` formulation for the thermal generation, the lower bound for the power is 0, instead of ``P^\text{th,min}``. In addition, we are assuming a linear cost ``C^\text{th}``. Finally, the `RenewableFullDispatch` formulation allows the dispatch of the renewable unit to be between 0 and its maximum injection time series ``p_t^\text{re,param}``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `StaticPowerLoad` does not impose any cost to the objective function or constraint but adds its power demand to the supply-balance demand of the `CopperPlatePowerModel` used. Since we are using the `ThermalDispatchNoMin` formulation for the thermal generation, the lower bound for the power is 0, instead of ``P^\text{th,min}``. In addition, we are assuming a linear cost ``C^\text{th}``. Finally, the `RenewableFullDispatch` formulation allows the dispatch of the renewable unit between 0 and its maximum injection time series ``p_t^\text{re,param}``.
```

# Nomenclature

> In the formulations described in the other pages, the nomenclature is as follows:
> - Lowercase letters are used for variables, e.g., ``p`` for power.
> - Uppercase letters are used for parameters, e.g., ``C`` for costs.
> - Subscripts are used for indexing, e.g., ``(\cdot)_t`` for indexing at time ``t``.
> - Superscripts are used for descriptions, e.g., ``(\cdot)^\text{th}`` to describe a thermal (th) variable/parameter.
> - Bold letters are used for vectors, e.g., ``\boldsymbol{p} = \{p\}_{1,\dots,24}``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the formulations described in the other pages, the nomenclature is as follows:
- Lowercase letters are used for variables, e.g., ``p`` for power.
- Uppercase letters are used for cost parameters, e.g., ``C``.
- Subscripts are used for indexing, e.g., ``(\cdot)_t`` for indexing at time ``t``.
- Superscripts are used for descriptions, e.g., ``(\cdot)^\text{th}`` to describe a thermal (th) variable/parameter.
- Bold letters are used for vectors, e.g., ``\boldsymbol{p} = \{p\}_{1,\dots,24}``.
```
